# Musical-Metacreation
## Recursive song: Sierpinski's Synthphony
This song demonstrates recursion because it is a musical representation of Sierpinski's Triangle, a three-way recursive algorithms. Each time a triangle is created (represented by three sets of two notes), the function recursively calls itself to create three more triangles within it. Thus, each triangle is made up of six notes. Each of the recursively called triangles will have one point (set containing two notes) that is the same as its encapsulating triangle. The other two points are represented by sets of notes that were calulated taking half values of the notes in each original set. By reading the code along with listening to the music, CS 1101 students should be able to take away that each time a new triangle is formed, one set of notes (two notes) will be repeated from the tiangle before it. The notes sometimes sound dissonant or erratic because we generated it recursively, not with musicality in mind.

## OOP song: Scale Synthphony
This song demonstrates OOP properties, specifically how different classes are used with each other in a main function. Each function in the algorithm represents an object that may or may not take attributes upon instantiation. Of course, these are functions, not classes, but our code is meant to model OOP. We used live coding by changing the root and quality we pass to each function. Each time we change them, new "objects" will be created from each "class," which come together to create a song. By reading the code along with listening to the music, CS 1101 students should be able to take away that in OOP, programs are based on different objects, each with their own properties, which then can be instantiated with different values and used in tandem with each other in a main function.
